Merged SoAView into SoALayout and added heterogeneous deepCopy for PortableCollections (#48216)
cms-sw/cmssw: DataFormats/SoATemplate/README.md

It is also possible to build a generic `View` or `ConstView` passing from the [Metarecords sublass](#metarecords-subclass). This
view can point to data belonging to different SoAs and thus not contiguous in memory.

## Descriptor

> The nested class `ConstDescriptor` can only be instanciated passing a `View` or a `ConstView` and provide access to each column 
> through a `std::tuple<std::span<T>...>`. This class is intended solely for performing a heterogeneous `deepCopy` from a `View` referencing different memory buffers as shown in 
> [`PortableHostCollection<T>`](../../DataFormats/Portable/README.md#portablehostCollection) and [`PortableDeviceCollection<>T, TDev`](../../DataFormats/Portable/README.md#portabledeviceCollection) sections. It should not be used for any other purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nested class `ConstDescriptor` can only be instantiated passing a `View` or a `ConstView` and provides access to
each column through a `std::tuple<std::span<T>...>`. This class should be considered an internal implementation detail,
used solely by the SoA and EDM frameworks for performing heterogeneous memory operations. It is used to implement the
`deepCopy` from a `View` referencing different memory buffers, as shown in [`PortableHostCollection<T>`](../../DataFormats/Portable/README.md#portablehostCollection)
and [`PortableDeviceCollection<>T, TDev`](../../DataFormats/Portable/README.md#portabledeviceCollection) sections.
It should not be used for any other purpose.
```
